CasualOS.com Privacy Policy


Last updated on January 11th, 2021 


1. Introduction


We at Casual Simulation Inc. respect the privacy of everyone who uses this website CasualOS.com  (www.casualos.com) and any services related to this website (“Services”). Casual Simulation Inc. is a 501(c)(3) not for profit company registered in Michigan whose address is 1857 RW Berends Dr. SW Wyoming, MI 49519 (“Casual Simulation,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). This document describes how we collect, process, and store personal data. If you are using the Services on behalf of you personally, “you” means you individually; if you represent an organization, “you” means your organization. You agree that by accessing our Services, you are agreeing to these terms. If you do not agree with these terms THEN YOU SHOULD NOT ACCESS OUR SERVICES.


2. Personal Information


We do not collect personal information via the Services. YOU SHALL NOT PROVIDE US WITH ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO YOUR NAME, ADDRESS, PHONE NUMBER, EMAIL, OR ANY OTHER PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION THROUGH OUR SERVICES. 


If you would like to contact us you may do so separately at www.casualsimulation.org.


3. Cookies 


We use cookies and other similar technologies to make our Services easier to use. Cookies are small files which store some information on your computer or mobile device.


We use cookies and similar technologies:
* to allow us to recognize you and your device, for example by identifying your IP address;
* to allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform (where you have chosen to allow such interaction);
* to allow our payment processors to process your payment instructions;
* to provide you with more customized Services, for example to provide our Services in the correct language;
* to obtain data which will allow us to understand how people are using our Services so that we can improve them.


By accessing or using our Services you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can disable cookies through your web or phone browser settings but you may find you are not able to enjoy all the features of our Services if you do so.


4. Links from our Services


We may provide links to third party websites or services from our Services. You understand that when you click on these links any data which you provide thereafter is subject to such third party's privacy policy and not to ours. Although we will endeavor only to link to reputable Services, Cas Sim takes no responsibility for the content, safety or security of any third party Services.